Assignments
Comment every line of JavaScript code you write. Use CSS-styles to style your page.

Pick one from these assignments:

1. Simple todo -list
Write a web page which acts as a simple To-do list program. The HTML page should have a form with few input fields and a button. When A user writes something on the field and clicks the button, the entered item should be dynamically added on the web page, below the form fields as an html-list or a table.

Every field needs to be checked against empty and erroneous content. Should an error occur, a smart indication should become visible showing the place of an error and a small hint text to guide the user.
Try to utilize fields, checkboxes and pulldowns. Style with CSS. Also think of a way to apply the ability to hide/show HTML element when necessary.
If you have time / energy, write a function that enables you to delete the items from the list (for example, by clicking them). Feel free to utilize drag & drop functionality of HTML5.
2. Smart Form: Weekly Workout Schedule
Create a web page with smart form in it to be used with weekly workout schedule. Form should have inputs arranged as a table rows and columns. Each column is reserved for one day and each row describes one activity (for example: gym, running, swimming, aerobics etc.) The user can enter the amount of hours spent on each exercise daily.

Then add some functionality in the form: last column should sum the entered valus for each activity. Also a total sum of all activity should be calculated.

Every field needs to be checked against empty and erroneous cotent. Should an error occur, a smart indication should become visible showing the place of an error and a small hint text to guide the user.
Try to utilize fields, checkboxes and pulldowns. Style with CSS. Also think of a way to apply the ability to hide/show HTML element when necessary.
3. Custom task
Create a dynamic web app / page in which you demonstrate your learning and skills within the area of DOM Scripting, Forms and native JavaScript (no external libraries are allowed). Pick your idea freely.

However, dont go too far showing off your skills. Rather focus on the topics covered so far.